the weather is getting nice earth so
that means the bad guys are out and the
best thing you can do to secure your
home this summer may well be changing
your locks that's because police are
reporting a surge of so-called kick and
burglaries all across North Texas
channel a Cynthia Vega is live in Dallas
with a few ways to make your home a lot
more secure Cynthia good morning Cynthia
you know a burglar can break down your
door in 30 seconds or less and no
surprise they often target doors that
are out of sight and that looked
vulnerable your best offense beat them
to the punch learn how to secure your
home we had doors in my house that
wouldn't lock because of frameshifting
that's what drove Dallas homeowner
Winston Wilder to create sure strike a
security device that when installed can
strengthen your door a so called strike
play is attached to the door jam with
three and a half inch screws that reach
all the way into the two-by-fours in the
frame of your home you would know it's
there until you want up to kick the door
and then you find resistant you can't
get in sure strike is one of several
options homeowners are considering
especially in neighborhoods plagued by
kick in burglaries consider securing
your entry doors first look at the
strike plate replace those screws in
your strike plate if they are not at
least three and a half inches long now
the door jambs it's the weakest point on
your door so strengthen it with a
composite frame or even one of steel and
finally your locks you need more than a
key lock they need to be secured with
dead bolts one on each side of your door
if you have glass windows and keep the
keys with you not in the door
and for more information on how to
secure your door specifically you can go
to your local hardware store you can
also consult a locksmith or you could go
to our website wfaa.com and click on
newslinks reporting live in downtown
dallas i'm simply if i get channel 8
news Thank You Cynthia club and there's
a new way to protect your home against
break-ins it has to do with making your
door stronger you talk to dallas police
and they'll tell you the economy is down
and crime is up and one crime that's
really going around is called the kick
in burglaries bolder than ever burglars
are kicking down doors doesn't matter
whether you're home or not channel 8
Cynthia vague is having a look at all of
this protecting your family on the mine
good morning Justin you know these
burglaries are happening all over North
Texas and few of us actually give much
thought to the security of our own doors
until it is too late and then we find
out that we were so vulnerable all along
I see people walking the alleyway every
now and then and it's just it's a
concern and I want to make sure that you
know they don't have the ability to kick
in my back door Michael Bell and his
wife Michelle have been searching for
ways to make their home more secure
especially after burglars tried to
strike right next door in broad daylight
I was standing out in the backyard I
mean something could have happened you
know to me the bells live near White
Rock Lake an area especially hard-hit
recently by kicking burglaries some
neighborhoods are fighting back by
kicking their crime watch groups into
high gear but the bells want to do even
more I just want a little extra security
and a little you know assurance the
something that's going to discourage
them from wanting to break into our home
after a lot of research the bells are
having their back door undergo a
security upgrade a new device called
sure strike is being installed it
promises to withstand heavy kicks rather
than give way it doesn't take up a whole
lot of your door but it goes in 3 inches
and you know looking at that it's pretty
substantial and that is the key
strengthening your door jamb this
morning we have shown you several ways
that you can do it for more information
you can head to our website wfaa.com and
click on newslinks you can also consult
your local hardware store even a
locksmith reporting live in downtown
Dallas I'm simply if I get gently
visited by Cynthia thank you close